how about good night greetings for
inform that at the 14 o'clock point
arrived at the forensic medical service of
city you run the body of the german frank
alpinist seller crashed in
peak hair cycle of orizaba the
climbers who participated in the
body rescue did the descent
total around 10 o'clock in the morning
of this Wednesday for the rescue in the
left eye of the western face was
It is necessary to rappel for 300 meters
this is what the hilario mountaineer says
aguilar sala to the summit we went down the
face east western and we had to
defend the rappel to go looking for
that such highly crystallized ice in the
Asian area
using strings of all the material
that we take from high mountain to be able
descend to go looking for this
we come out of a fan each one for his
side until about 11 o'clock
tomorrow we managed to find it
unfortunately already lifeless
it's from this person and so no way to
try to download it because in the place
where I found it was very difficult to attend
then with the help of the partners who
are experienced in the management of
rope that the whole team high
mountain with the stretcher they were carrying
he also had to rescue so
we lose as we could to
where the snow ends that are more or
less like the five thousand meters that
they found about 5,600 meters from
sea level comes a bridge with the
roberto flórez partner would normally
we support from the 44 people and lower it
It is still a gigantic task and
reach the body that was at
5 thousand 300 meters above sea level
the climbers found it already without
lifetime
there fractures were observed in
arms and head injuries even
see that the German crawled about 10
meters maybe looking for heat or when
saw the helicopter
Unfortunately, this happened not
very cold afternoons but
the complicated at night and a snowfall
that fell on a wind that puts place
to really like 10 degrees but with the
wind multiplies the east factor of
cold and it must have been like 18
degrees then with accelerates of blow in
the head the pleasant broken and even
moved the body where the debt of the
person who accompanied him later in his
backpacks in the red camera all the more
that could shelter him to go down to ask
support I found abate the
the jacket the team digs out there
also thrown and status about ten
meters from the place where the
backpacks unfortunately we could not
arrive on time at this time the
body is in the amphitheater of
close for the necropsy of law
subsequently be delivered to
relatives
It is important to highlight the work of guides
city ​​tlachichuca spinners
closed as no delay and irregular
white ricardo from orizaba them together
with climbers did the work
rude in conjunction with alpine relief
of amecameca and therefore unfortunately
other corporations that receive salary
as much of puebla as of the state of
Veracruz only arrive to take the
Photo
for point of the informed fernando castro
co-responsible